hello everyone in this week's episode of
apple lover productions I will be
unboxing the otterbox defender case for
the galaxy note 2 okay so let's get
started on the front we have otterbox
with the picture of an otter and samsung
galaxy note 2 right there and the
qr-code Defender Series rugged
protection and on the back it will show
you includes a belt clip screen
protection and through their protection
and then it protects against drop dust
and scratches so that's basically what
it says on the box has come this metal
little clip back here and we're just
going to open it up now so right when we
open it up it's kind of a plastic thing
you have to take it out in and pawn it
feels pretty pretty protective right now
actually all comes in one piece and says
welcome to Planet OtterBox in here you
purchase this case backed by customer
service that is second to none all that
stuff you bought it more than a great
case kind of shows you all this stuff
talking about how great their cases and
how to put it on so let's put this case
on we got my galaxy note 2 here open it
up here this is the belt clip I believe
we'll put that aside Oh looks like a
beast okay we'll see how you open it up
first so the first thing you're going to
do is want to take off this plastic
layer which feels kind of pretty sturdy
but you can kind of feel if you have
this case you're just going to pop it
open it's kind of like that but it's
kinda is kind of hard to it stays
together well you put it over top look
there on the back make sure it lines up
that's a pretty big wedge in there put
on this screen projector sort of top
area that way
and you're just going to snap it on
there and put this plastic layer over
top so this possible there's a lot of
little indents and stuff you have to put
your phone into and there you have it
that case that's a pretty thick chubby
case it's really heavy this is the belt
clip over here so if you have it on your
belt here you can just snap it on there
and it snaps on but I wouldn't really
want to have this on my belts because
it's pretty heavy this phone but yeah so
that's the belt clip and this is the
otterbox defender case rugged production
this is a beast gotta say I recommend
you should get this if you do
construction or something and if you are
kind of scared of getting your phone
wrecked so thank you everyone for
watching this week's episode of apple of
reduction productions and i'll see you
guys in the next episode